Updated with info necessary for Diagram and Gantt operation in this template (#151)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/40 Angular Components/70 Visual Studio Integration/20 Add DevExtreme to an ASP.NET Core Angular Application/20 Add DevExtreme to an ASP.NET Core Angular Application.md

    Save the changes and wait until Visual Studio downloaded the dependencies.

1. Reference `dx.common.css` and a [predefined theme stylesheet](/concepts/60%20Themes%20and%20Styles/05%20Predefined%20Themes/00%20Predefined%20Themes.md '/Documentation/Guide/Themes_and_Styles/Predefined_Themes/') (`dx.light.css` in the code below).

> If you would like to use [Diagram](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/dxDiagram '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDiagram') or [Gantt](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/dxGantt '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxGantt'), it is necessary to add their stylesheets as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are going to use [Diagram](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/dxDiagram '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDiagram') or [Gantt](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/dxGantt '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxGantt'), add their stylesheets as well.
```

              "styles": [
                "../node_modules/devextreme/dist/css/dx.common.css",
                "../node_modules/devextreme/dist/css/dx.light.css",

>                 "../node_modules/devexpress-diagram/dist/dx-diagram.css", //optional

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                "../node_modules/devexpress-diagram/dist/dx-diagram.css", // optional
```

>                 "../node_modules/devexpress-gantt/dist/dx-gantt.css" //optional

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                "../node_modules/devexpress-gantt/dist/dx-gantt.css" // optional
```

                    "styles": [
                      ...
                      "node_modules/devextreme/dist/css/dx.common.css",
                      "node_modules/devextreme/dist/css/dx.light.css",

>                       "node_modules/devexpress-diagram/dist/dx-diagram.css", //optional

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                      "node_modules/devexpress-diagram/dist/dx-diagram.css", // optional
```

>                       "node_modules/devexpress-gantt/dist/dx-gantt.css" //optional

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                      "node_modules/devexpress-gantt/dist/dx-gantt.css" // optional
```
